Hello dear friends, we
Welcome to the online store
professional cosmetics leo cosmetics
today we will talk about shimmering shine
for hair from moroccan oil morocco floor
This is an Israeli brand which is known
what is used for making
natural argan
oil is a valuable tool for
hair care containing great
amount of vitamins and nutritional
substances and so what is interesting given
product it can be used for
make hair shine after completion
styling or without styling
but it is always necessary to use on
clean hair because small
weighting when applying this
hair means exists and so hair
did not have
dirty and untidy look to use
its only necessary on clean hair
besides giving the hair shine this
remedy also contribute
antistatic effect eliminates
excessive electrified hair makes
hair compliant when combing
further so for example if you have not
fixed masonry just uncool
hair during the day they will be easier
comb except this means
protects hair when combing without giving
he break and split
in shimmer spray
included moisturizing caregivers
components and of course a large percentage
is up
naturally argan
oil and so how to use the data
this tool after you washed
her head was dried and
either styled your hair or
just want to highlight the brilliance of your
hair distance 15-20 centimeters per
put a spray on the bottom and give it
dry up a little
Again, I repeat the excessive application
means undesirable that is, first
hair look can be very beautiful and
attractive but after a while
styling may fall off and not keep one
initial volume
after your facility has dried
hair is ready
about this tool a lot
there are a lot of positive feedback
buyers ordering ordering it
once orders constantly because
styling with this tool looks very
glossy coffee is beautifully made
brilliance and everyone is very happy
using this tool
questions you may have
ask by our phones in Moscow and
St. Petersburg and also in our groups
in social networks vkontakte facebook
instagram we will be happy to answer them
Thank you for your kind attention.
new meetings